-Previously on Monarch...
-Listen, hoss,
this truth-teller Rick Rubin
act of yours
is starting to wear
a little thin.
Thought that was the exact
reason that you called me.
According to the DNA results,
that woman's our sister.
Two weeks ago
I was in Albuquerque
studying for my chem finals,
and now I'm here with you.
You think I was gonna
sit back quietly
and let you take
every single thing
I've worked for
my entire life?
You'll do anything
to get what you want,
and you don't care
who you hurt.
KAYLA:
I love Gigi.
We have to stop this.
NICKY:
You're not eating sushi
and you're not drinking sake.
How far along are you?
We found some blood in the car.
Now, that makes you
the prime suspect in
Clive's disappearance.
My hands are tied.
I suggest you figure out a way
to untie 'em.
And let's not forget
who owes who here, Tripp.
So, we have a sister?
Well, technically a half sister.
Albie Roman-- that man is
a lockbox of secrets
in a ten-gallon hat.
I did not get that square
on the Roman family
drama bingo card.
(chuckles) Look, all I know is,
we need to get ahead of this.
Control the narrative
before it goes public.
You know how fast we would go
from country royalty to
a tabloid joke if this gets out?
It won't, 'cause if there's
one thing this family knows
how to do, it's hide the truth.
And Catt. That woman
has an agenda.
Like Mama always said,
if you know what someone wants,
you don't need to trust 'em.
I'm sorry, I don't speak
fluent Dottie Roman.
Well, Catt wants
her daughter to be a star.
To destroy us doesn't help.
It's gonna make one hell
of a podcast someday.
NICKY:
But Luke's right.
Our family needs to
circle the wagons and fly
under the radar for a while.
That might be a bit difficult
right now. For good reason.
Country Music's "40 Under 40"
list just came out.
It's the hottest up-and-comers
from Austin to Nashville.
So lame.
And what's that got
to do with us?
Because Gigi made the list.
Me?
-Congratulations, Geeg.
-And by lame,
I meant incredible.
That is a very
well-deserved honor.
So I was thinking Monarch
could host it this year
to celebrate.
What do you think?
Well, I say hell yeah.
Albie.
So, what brings you downtown?
Well... I might've come on
a little strong the other night.
Eh, you were looking out
for your own.
I would expect nothing less
from Albie Roman.
So we're good, then?
I didn't say that.
There was blood
in your son-in-law's car,
and Clive's still missing.
Our friendship doesn't
change those facts.
Well, then how
about these facts?
There's more than just
friendship between us.
There's history.
Don't you forget that.
Or what?
Or you know how this ends.
That's something neither one
of us wants.
(door opens)
Sorry to interrupt, sir.
DNA came back on the blood we
found in his son-in-law's car.
And?
It's not Clive Grayson's.
Not Albie Roman's either.
Yeah, I figured as much.
He's trying to protect
one of his kids.
Now, all we got to do is
figure out which one.
♪ ♪
I can't believe
I'm choosing a dress
for Gigi being named on that
stupid "40 Under 40" list.
The whole construct reeks
of ageism.
-Mm-hmm.
-I mean, come on.
Who cares about a list anyway?
Mama was on that list
a long time ago.
I just thought it would be me
that'd be following in her
footsteps, not Geeg.
I've worked so hard
for so long.
And Open Horizon still hasn't
greenlit my tour.
Well, maybe you don't need
to tour on your own.
I heard something.
-I shouldn't say, it was told
to me in confidence, so...
-(chuckles) Earl.
When I was in Nashville
last week
doing Kelsea's hair,
she said that she
and LeAnn and Maren were gonna
do a few dates together.
-They're calling themselves
the Yellow Roses.
-Ooh.
Anyhow, looks like Maren
dropped out.
They're looking for a third.
It's a perfect opportunity
for you.
So maybe I should go talk to...
Luke, I need a word.
Why? Got some more
long-lost relatives
you need to tell me about?
Maren Morris is taking
a sabbatical
from the Yellow Roses, which
leaves a space on the tour.
I mean, that,
that has to be me.
I haven't heard that.
Where you getting that from?
Did Earl tell you that?
He knows everything.
-He's like the TMZ
of country music.
-Yeah.
TMZ in elaborate
floral shirts.
I need this, Luke.
It's an opportunity for me
to show Open Horizon
that I'm ready.
It might be the only way.
Well, uh,
I know the tour manager,
so, I mean,
I could set you up a meeting,
but you're gonna have
to seal the deal yourself.
You bring him there,
I'll do the rest.
Good, you're here.
I've been poring through
your new cuts all night.
They got heart, anger and hope.
And this album, it could be
your best work.
But?
But it's missing something.
That one track that ties
all those themes together.
If we're gonna keep
our release schedule,
it's got to go to Luke today.
The album's fine.
Since when is "fine" good enough
for Albie Roman?
Got a lot on my mind.
My life ain't just about music.
Well, then tap into that.
Look, you got to find something
that, that you wish you did
or wish you never did.
But you got to dig deep down
to that place
that you can barely stand
where you tell the raw,
unvarnished truth
about who the hell
Albie Roman really is.
You bleed onto this paper,
that's when the album
will be done.
Good luck.
♪ The world is inside out
and upside down ♪
♪ I thought by now
we'd figure it out... ♪
Where the hell's
your sister, Luke?
She's on her way.
You know talent.
They, uh, like
to build anticipation,
even when it's a meeting.
Tell you what, I'm gonna
freshen up your drink.
Great.
Hi.
-I'm, uh, I'm Luke.
I'm Gigi's brother.
-I know.
I'm Willa, the new spoke
in the Tilted Wheel.
-Nice to meet you.
-Likewise.
What can I get you, Luke?
Well, that depends.
-You see the guy
I'm sitting with?
-Yeah.
On a bartender scale
of one to ten,
how annoyed does he look
to you?
I probably wouldn't bank
on a big tip.
Yeah. Monarch Records.
Never a dull moment.
I'll get you those drinks.
Oh, thank God.
Where have you been?
He's been waiting for you
for over an hour.
I thought you said
you wanted this.
I do, but I'm not here to talk.
(cheers and applause)
♪ ♪
Hey, boy.
Go on, now.
♪ Got a little boom
in my big truck ♪
♪ Gonna open up the doors
and turn it up ♪
♪ Gonna stomp my boots
in the Georgia mud ♪
♪ Gonna watch you make me
fall in love ♪
♪ Get up on the hood
of my daddy's tractor ♪
♪ Up on the toolbox,
it don't matter ♪
♪ Down on the tailgate,
boy, I can't wait ♪
♪ To watch you do your thing ♪
♪ Shake it for the young bucks
sittin' in the honky-tonks ♪
♪ For the rednecks rockin'
till the break of dawn ♪
♪ The DJ spinnin'
that country song... ♪
-What'd I tell you?
-She's good.
♪ Shake it for the birds,
shake it for the bees ♪
♪ Shake it for the catfish ♪
♪ Swimmin' down deep
in the creek ♪
♪ For the crickets and the
critters that enjoy ♪
♪ Shake it to the moon,
shake it for me, boy ♪
♪ Oh, country boy,
♪ Shake it for me, boy,
shake it for me ♪
♪ Country boy,
shake it for me, boy ♪
♪ Shake it for me, boy,
shake it for me ♪
Guitar!
♪ Now dance like a dandelion ♪
♪ In the wind on the hill
underneath the pines ♪
-♪ Yeah, move... ♪
-Real good.
-What'd I tell you?
♪ Feel the kick drum
down deep in your toes ♪
♪ All I wanna do is
get to holdin' you ♪
♪ And get to knowin' you
and get to showin' you ♪
♪ And get to lovin' you
'fore the night is through ♪
♪ Baby, you know what to do ♪
♪ Shake it for the young bucks
sittin' in the honky-tonks ♪
♪ For the rednecks rockin'
till the break of dawn ♪
♪ For the DJ spinnin'
that country song ♪
♪ Come on, come on, come on ♪
♪ Shake it for the birds,
shake it for the bees ♪
♪ Shake it for the catfish
swimmin' ♪
♪ Down deep in the creek ♪
♪ For the crickets
and the critters that enjoy ♪
♪ You can shake it to the moon,
shake it for me, boy ♪
♪ Oh, country boy,
♪ Shake it for me, boy,
shake it for me ♪
♪ Oh, country boy ♪
♪ Country boy,
shake it for me, boy ♪
♪ Shake it for me, boy,
shake it for me. ♪
(whooping)
(microphone feedback)
(cheering and applause)
All right.
WILLA:
You were amazing.
If it were up to me,
the Yellow Roses
-would be opening for you.
-Aw, thank you.
Sometimes you got to show
the world who you are.
(country music playing
on jukebox)
LUKE:
Sounds good.
Yep, see you.
Well, what'd he say?
Artistry. Stage presence.
Sex appeal.
He said you had it all.
And he could definitely see you
as third Rose.
-Good. That's amazing.
-But...
Earl, uh, didn't have
the whole story.
Kelsea and LeAnn already have
somebody in mind
-for the tour.
-Who?
Gigi.
Okay.
I just came to make sure
everything was okay between us.
Well, yeah.
Why wouldn't it be?
Luke said your performance
was amazing.
-Yeah.
-I know how much you wanted
to be a part
of the Yellow Roses.
Well, at least they get
one Roman.
When do you ship out?
Supposed to leave next week,
but...
But what?
Can I really even go?
With Kayla being pregnant,
and Summer needing me
more all the time,
I just don't know
if it's right to leave
my family right now.
Geeg, it's the Yellow Roses.
I mean, like, they're
the biggest
country stars in the world,
and if you join them,
that makes you one of
the biggest country stars
in the world.
I know.
It's a dream come true.
Well, is it?
'Cause most people
in your position
wouldn't hesitate,
particularly when
it's been handed
to 'em on a platter.
What's that supposed to mean?
Well, do you know what I would
do to be in your position?
I would... (sighs)
Basically what I've been doing
my entire life, but...
For a shot like this?
Your time will come, Nicky.
I know it.
Just don't give up.
Yeah. Never.
ANA:
You're Albie Roman's daughter?
Mija, mija,
please let me explain.
Go for it.
Explain why you have been
lying to me for my entire life.
I can't wait to hear it.
I was just trying
to protect you.
That's good,
the protection angle.
How long have you been
working on that?
I understand why you're angry,
but I didn't know
what kind of people the Romans
were when we got here.
If they could be trusted,
how they would react.
All I knew is that you're
extremely talented,
and I needed them to see it.
And now you've ruined it.
Do you get that?
I'll never know
if they only signed me
-because I'm a Roman.
-No, I swear,
they didn't know who
we were when we got here.
You did that all on your own.
Now I know why you were giving
me so much crap about Ace.
He's adopted, by the way,
so it shouldn't even matter.
But you're just like them.
All you care about
is how things look.
Oh, no, you know
that's not true.
Honestly,
I have no idea
what's true anymore.
Ana!
Can I be honest
with you, Earl?
Well, it depends.
Is it about my crow's-feet?
(laughs):
No.
It's about the Yellow Roses.
I just... I don't think
it's fair sometimes.
It isn't. That's why you just
can't roll over in defeat.
You got to marshal your forces.
You got to make a plan.
I had a plan. It was
to blow their managers away.
And I did, but they just...
they liked Gigi better.
That's 'cause Gigi's fun
and she's sweet.
She's the kind of girl
you want to have a beer
and a burger with.
But, sweetie, who wants a burger
when you can have
a filet mignon?
Stop.
You know what your mother
would have done
under these circumstances?
No, but I'm afraid
you're gonna tell me.
Ooh, Dottie would have set
their heads on straight,
by any means necessary.
You saying I should
screw over my sister?
I'm not saying that,
I'm just saying
your mama didn't become an icon
by playing nice.
And neither will you.
Hey. Dad.
Open the door.
(sighs)
What do you want?
I'm writing.
(scoffs)
What do you mean writing?
Album's due today. I'm here
for the listening session.
I got one last track to do.
Hey! All right. Well, then,
let me hear what you have.
Dad, I'm supposed to be
taking this
to the marketing team today.
It might be helpful if the CEO
of your label
knew what he was marketing.
You and the rest of your
kiss-ass execs
can all hear it when it's done.
-Today ain't over with yet.
-This is...
(knocks on door)
Hey. This is a surprise.
Is-is Gigi home?
No. Sorry.
Oh, good. It's you
I want to talk to.
I don't mean to rush you,
but I was just about to
pick Summer up from preschool,
so what's going on?
Well, I'm a bit worried
about Gigi going on tour.
What are you worried about?
I'm worried about you.
With Gigi gone for so long,
I'm worried that it could
push you and Luke
back into bed together.
(chuckles weakly)
Nicky, Luke and I are done.
You know that.
Why take the chance?
Gigi's already on the fence
about accepting the tour.
All it'll take is
a little push from you
to convince her not to go.
And you take her spot.
Where did you learn
how to do that?
How to threaten somebody without
actually threatening them.
The master, Dottie Roman.
But that wasn't a threat.
This is.
Convince Gigi
not to go on the tour,
or I tell her
about you and Luke.
(door opens and closes)
-Hey, stranger.
-Hey yourself.
(Jamie chuckles)
-Hi.
JAMIE:
Listen, I, um, I wanted to
talk to you about something.
Capitol reached out to me
about a new gig.
Okay.
They want me to head up their
new country crossover label.
In L. A.
-Wow.
-Mm-hmm.
In L. A.?
Well, congratulations.
Thank you.
When do you leave?
Well, that's the thing, I...
I'm not quite sure
I want to take it.
Yeah, why not?
(chuckles)
I thought it was obvious.
I'm flattered.
Okay.
Not the, um...
Not the reaction
I was hoping for.
Well, you can't give something
like that up for me.
I mean, I might,
I might not even be here.
What if my tour comes through?
Look, I just thought
we had something special.
I wanted to see
how you felt, that's all.
I like you.
But I can't be the reason
that you... that you stay.
Especially when
all I can think about is
that there might be a reason
for me to go.
I'm sorry.
You got to do what's best
for you, and, um...
...for the first time
in my life,
I've got to do
what's best for me.
Oh, no, Ace, this is not
a good time.
My mother told me
who you are.
So you're here
to yell at me, too?
No, I just...
I just want to see
how Ana's taking it.
-That well, huh?
-Yeah.
I have never seen her so angry.
She doesn't even want
to talk to me.
I don't know, maybe
she'll talk to me.
Would you make her understand
that the last thing I wanted
was to hurt her?
Okay, come in.
Ana?
Hey, someone's here to see you.
Hon?
Ay.
She's gone.
All right, brother,
whenever you're ready.
(sighs)
(playing guitar)
♪ I'm a guilty man ♪
♪ That's what I said ♪
♪ The cold, hard truth is ♪
♪ I shot him dead ♪
♪ His body cold ♪
♪ His blood ran red ♪
♪ I'm a guilty man,
that's what I said ♪
♪ I'm a guilty man ♪
♪ That's what I said ♪
♪ I built my house
at the gates of hell ♪
-(cries out)
♪ And I can hear ♪
♪ The devil ring his bell ♪
♪ And all the angels
sing farewell ♪
♪ 'Cause I built my house ♪
♪ At the gates of hell ♪
♪ Yeah, I built my house ♪
♪ ♪
♪ This secret sin ♪
♪ Is killin' me ♪
♪ If you only knew ♪
♪ My shame, you'd see ♪
♪ Yeah, I can run ♪
♪ But I won't be free ♪
♪ This secret sin ♪
♪ Is killin' me ♪
♪ I'm a guilty man ♪
♪ That's what I said ♪
♪ And a guilty man ♪
♪ Is as good as dead. ♪
-Albie.
-(Albie grunts)
My daddy always said,
if you can't say nothing nice,
don't say nothing at all.
Nice? Are you kidding?
It's as if you were there
when that man
took his dying breath.
-You like it?
-Like it?
Albie, it's a damn masterpiece.
You want to tell me where
that inspiration came from?
You know better than that.
A man's got to keep
some secrets for himself.
She turned off the tracking.
Any idea where she's headed?
I'm guessing back home,
where she grew up.
-Albuquerque?
-Yeah. Ay, dios mio.
So if I drive,
it'll take me, what,
like ten hours to get there?
No, Mrs. Phoenix, I don't think
it's a good idea
if you go after her.
Uh, what are you talking about?
Why don't you let me go?
No. Mm. I-- No.
It's a bad idea.
Look, I know exactly
what you're thinking,
but I made a promise
to my mom.
Ana and I-- we're over.
We're just family now.
And you expect me
to believe that?
Mrs. Phoenix, I care
about your daughter.
I just want to make sure
that she's safe,
and I want to bring her
back home.
That's all that matters
right now, right?
Hey, Jamie.
My dad around?
You just missed him.
And I am mixing down
the last track now.
The album's done?
Please, please tell me
that it's good.
It's not good.
It's phenomenal.
And this new track
that Albie wrote
pulls the whole thing together.
I mean, it's so damn good,
it would make the Man in Black
green with envy.
The man is a magician
with a six-string.
And the lyrics, I'm telling you,
they're chilling.
Yeah? How so?
Well, I don't know where in
the depths of Albie Roman's soul
they came from,
but if I didn't know
any better,
I'd say your daddy
was confessing
to a murder in that song.
♪ Your mama never made you
finish high school... ♪
(chuckles)
Does this outfit say
"40 Under 40,"
or does it say,
"Who stole two suits
off the 20 under 20 rack"?
(laughs)
No, you look amazing.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm just, I'm just
thinking about your tour.
The tour with the Roses.
Well, I haven't made
my decision yet.
Right. But I have.
Okay.
You were born a star.
And not just any star,
but a megastar
who can change the world.
And it's not just
with your talent, Gigi,
it's just, it's just who you
are, the way you touch people.
You move them. I see it
every time you sing.
And the rest of the world
needs to see that, too.
So you are going to show them
on that tour.
What about you and Summer
and the baby?
Kinda got the whole baby thing
under control, right?
(Gigi laughs)
And Summer will be fine.
You're not going to space.
It's just a tour.
(Kayla chuckles)
I love you so much.
You're so good to me.
-(cheers and applause)
-LUKE: Ah, welcome, welcome.
Thank you so much
for coming out tonight
to celebrate Gigi Roman and the,
uh, rest of the wonderful talent
that comprise this year's
"40 Under 40" list.
-(cheers and applause)
-Yeah.
Ladies and gentlemen,
a rising star of country music
and a future Yellow Rose,
Gigi Roman. Thank you.
-(cheers and applause)
-Yeah, Mommy!
("Before He Cheats" playing)
♪ Right now he's probably
slow-dancing ♪
♪ With a bleach-blonde tramp ♪
♪ And she's probably
getting frisky ♪
♪ Right now
he's probably buying her ♪
♪ Some fruity little drink ♪
♪ 'Cause she can't shoot
whiskey ♪
♪ Right now he's probably
up behind her ♪
♪ With a pool stick
showing her ♪
♪ How to shoot a combo ♪
♪ Oh, and he don't know ♪
♪ How I dug my key
into the side of his ♪
♪ Pretty little souped-up
four-wheel drive ♪
♪ Carved my name
into his leather seats ♪
♪ I took a Louisville Slugger
to both headlights ♪
♪ Slashed a hole
in all four tires ♪
♪ Maybe next time he'll think
before he cheats ♪
Hey. I need a word now.
♪ I might've saved a little
trouble for the next girl ♪
♪ 'Cause the next time
that he cheats ♪
♪ Oh, you know it won't be
on me... ♪
I heard Dad's album.
What do you mean?
Y-You heard it?
Jamie played it for me.
He talks about
Clive's death, Nick.
-Are you sure?
-Yeah. It's unmistakable.
It might as well be
the D. A.'s closing argument.
Well, when does the album drop?
How about a week from never?
Can't release an LP
with a murder confession on it.
All right, well,
we'll talk to Daddy later.
♪ Took a Louisville Slugger ♪
♪ To both headlights ♪
♪ Slashed a hole
in all four tires ♪
♪ Maybe next time he'll think
before he cheats ♪
♪ Oh, maybe next time
he'll think ♪
-♪ Before he cheats ♪
-♪ Na-na, na-na ♪
-♪ Na-na ♪
-♪ Oh, before ♪
-♪ He cheats ♪
-♪ Na-na, na-na ♪
-♪ Na-na ♪
-Yeah!
♪ Oh. ♪
(cheers and applause)
(song ends)
Thank y'all.
Thank you so much.
Well, I just, I can't tell y'all
what an honor it is
to be named on this list.
In fact, I've had more than
my share of blessings lately.
Like the opportunity
to go on tour,
which would mean
I would get to do this
every night for months.
(cheers and applause)
But I've also been blessed
with something that's
far more meaningful to me,
and that-that's my family.
Honey, looking out
at you two tonight
and thinking about our baby
we have on the way,
nothing could take me
away from you.
And that's why, um,
earlier tonight
-I turned down the Yellow Roses.
-(disappointed groans)
And, uh, I thanked them
for the honor.
And I told them that
certain things were just
too precious to miss out on,
and that, um,
y'all can bet your sweet ass
I'll tour someday, right?
But that day is not today.
(cheers and applause)
Just thank you so much,
everybody.
I really appreciate it.
Thank you.
Thought I'd find you here.
Good work, Detective.
Feel free to turn around
and go right back
to where you came from.
I was worried about you.
You weren't answering
any of my texts.
I had nothing to say.
Not quite as nice as
where you come from, is it?
I have no idea.
I was adopted
from the Philippines
when I was a baby.
Then you know
what it feels like.
-What?
-Not to belong.
I may be a Roman by blood,
but... this is who I am.
A girl from ABQ living in
a one-bedroom walk-up.
I don't belong
with all of you.
You know, I used to think
the same way.
But the Romans...
they proved me wrong.
And they taught me that
family is whoever you love.
Did you know about me
-when we were...
-No.
None of us did.
It doesn't matter now.
When the world finds out,
they'll think I made it
because I'm a Roman.
I'm so angry at my mother.
She should have told you.
You know, sometimes even
the people who love you
can make mistakes.
Listen, you must be starving.
There's this place I passed
driving in.
-You want to...?
-No. Thanks.
-I'd like to be alone.
-All right.
If you change your mind,
you know where to find me.
(indistinct chatter)
Hey. Just the woman
I wanted to see.
-Oh, what is it now?
-I wanted to thank you
for talking to Gigi.
(chuckles)
What's so funny?
That you think
that's what I did.
Gigi passed on that
all on her own.
I would never tell your sister
to do something
that wasn't good for her
or her career.
That's a very ballsy move
for someone
who has so much to lose.
Look, I know I've made mistakes,
but you will never manipulate me
into hurting Gigi,
no matter how desperate you are
to be the next Dottie Roman.
Be very careful, Kayla.
Or what?
You'll tell Gigi the truth
about what I've done?
Let's see if you
have it in you
to break your sister's heart.
You want to be Dottie,
be Dottie.
I dare you.
Hey, uh, can I get
one cheeseburger deluxe
and well-done fries, please?
Wait, I-I know you, don't I?
Wait, you're Dottie Roman's
grandson, right?
It's Ace Roman.
Hey, hey, everyone,
this is Ace Roman.
Play a song for us, will you?
-We got the band up there
and everything.
-Oh, yeah.
No, I just, I just came here
to grab something to eat.
-Oh, please.
-Come on.
Please. It'd be amazing.
Go on.
Give the people
what they want.
All right, under one condition.
Come on.
No, Ace, I'm not in the mood.
One song and I'll
leave you alone, I promise.
(cheers and applause)
You guys know "Fresh Eyes"?
♪ I got these fresh eyes ♪
♪ Never seen you before
like this ♪
♪ My God, you're beautiful ♪
♪ It's like the first time ♪
♪ When we opened that door ♪
♪ Before we got used to usual ♪
♪ It might seem superficial,
mm-hmm ♪
♪ Stereotypical man, mm-hmm ♪
♪ You dress up just a little ♪
♪ And I'm like, "Oh, damn" ♪
BOTH:
♪ So suddenly, I'm in love
with a stranger ♪
♪ I can't believe
that you're mine ♪
♪ And now all is see is you ♪
BOTH:
♪ With fresh eyes ♪
♪ Fresh eyes ♪
♪ Appreciation, well,
it comes and it goes, but I ♪
♪ I'll ride that wave
with you ♪
♪ It's human nature ♪
BOTH:
♪ To miss what's under
your nose ♪
♪ Till you,
till you remind a fool ♪
-♪ Maybe all of this is simple ♪
-(all cheering)
♪ My heart's unconditional,
yeah ♪
BOTH:
♪ You dress up just a little ♪
♪ And I'm like, "Oh, damn" ♪
♪ So suddenly, I'm in love
with a stranger ♪
♪ I can't believe
that you're mine ♪
♪ Yeah, now all I see
is you ♪
♪ With fresh eyes ♪
♪ Fresh eyes, yeah ♪
♪ So suddenly,
I'm in love with a stranger ♪
♪ I can't believe that
you're mine, yeah ♪
♪ And now all I see is you ♪
-♪ With fresh eyes ♪
-♪ Fresh eyes ♪
♪ Fresh eyes ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Mm-mm. ♪
(cheers and applause)
The song wasn't done yet.
You had no right
to listen to it.
Daddy, why would you write about
Clive's death, especially now?
First of all,
nobody's gonna tell me
what I can and can't
write about.
Especially you two.
And second, it's just a song.
It's about killing a man.
And keeping a secret.
A family secret.
It's a damn country song.
Ain't nobody gonna
think twice about it.
Can I top anybody off?
LUKE:
No, thanks, Willa.
Look, it's a ballad,
like a million more
that have come before it.
And I'm telling you both
right now, let it lie.
Understood?
Dad, it's not...
Not another word.
♪ ♪
Oh, hi, Geeg.
You're up early.
It's 'cause I couldn't sleep.
I had a dream my sister tried
to stab me in the back.
Until I realized it wasn't
a dream at all.
You got some nerve.
-What...
-Cut the crap.
I know you tried to get
my wife to convince me
-to pass on the Yellow Roses.
-Did Kayla tell you that?
Of course she did.
We have no secrets
from each other.
Well, you said you didn't
want to go.
-Well, that's beside the point.
-No, it is the point.
You turned it down
all by yourself because
you have no idea that success
comes with sacrifice.
You don't just get anointed
the queen.
Is that the problem?
That things come to me too easy,
or just that they don't
come to you at all?
Look, I know you
wanna be Mama,
and Mama played dirty.
But the difference between
her and you is,
she'd never do anything
to tear us apart.
She'd be ashamed of you.
I hope you're ashamed
of yourself.
ALBIE: There's something
I need to tell you, Nicolette,
And there's no easy way
to say it.
All right.
The D. A.'s office found blood
in Clive's car.
It's your blood, babe.
Oh, my God.
I thought I could stop Tripp
from investigating,
but I'm not so sure now.
-Why would you think
you could do that?
-Well,
because he owes me.
Before you were born,
you know I went to prison.
-Yes.
-Driving drunk...
killing a man.
Yes, and it was an accident.
You did your time.
Except I wasn't driving
the car that night.
I didn't kill that man.
Tripp Dewitt did.
But you took the blame?
Why would you do that?
(sighs)
Well...
...'cause Tripp had a future,
and I was just a knockaround kid
from North Austin going nowhere.
I couldn't jump over a nickel
to save a dime.
You spent three years in a cell
for something
that you didn't do?
I took the fall for somebody
that I cared about.
But this time it's not just
a friend that's in danger,
it's our family.
Your song is a confession.
Just know I'll do anything
to protect you and this family,
no matter what it takes.
ACE:
Do you believe me now?
Nobody knew you were
a Roman back there,
and nobody cared.
They just couldn't
get enough of you.
You telling me
you could walk away from
what's gonna be
an amazing career
just because you were
born a Roman?
(both laugh)
When you say it like that,
it sounds pretty stupid.
So... what about us?
What happens now?
Well, we don't stop caring
about each other,
but... we got to let that go.
Why? Because you think
it's wrong?
It's just that I made
a promise to my mom
and to yours.
And that's more important
than how we feel?
-That's not what I'm saying,
Ana.
-Then what are you saying?
That I hauled my worried ass
across state lines
to find you, to bring you back
to where you belong.
Which happens to be
where I belong, too.
Everything else...
we'll figure it out.
Nicky.
I need to see my sister.
I need to tell her something
that's long overdue.
Nicky, please don't do this.
Nicky, please.
Geeg, there's something
I need to say to you.
-I don't want to hear it, Nicky.
-Well, you're gonna.
You're gonna listen.
I'm sorry, okay?
You were right, I put
my career before yours,
and I shouldn't have done that.
I just want it so badly,
and I'm scared
that I'm never gonna get it.
Oh, Nicky, you got it
all wrong, you know.
Mama tried to make you feel
like your worth was
all wrapped up in whether
you became a star or not,
and that's just not true.
And what if she was right, huh?
-She's not right.
-I've got nothing left.
My husband's gone,
my, my kids are getting older.
I don't know who I am
if I don't become that star.
You could take that spot
with the Yellow Roses.
Maybe I could call 'em.
Luke tried that.
It's already taken.
(mutters)
Carrie Underwood.
Oh. What a hack.
I know. Right?
Everything you want,
you're gonna get it.
And it may not happen
the way you think,
but it'll happen.
I'm not Mama.
I never will be.
She was ruthless
and single-minded, and...
people still loved her.
Mama was one of a kind.
But so are you.
I've known that my whole life.
And the world will see it, too.
I promise.
What'd I ever do
to deserve you?
♪ You would've never learned
the words to "Amazing Grace" ♪
♪ Never felt the chill
of a pew when you lost faith ♪
♪ Well, blood, sweat and tears
wouldn't mean a thing ♪
♪ If you didn't strike out
a couple hundred times ♪
♪ If you never hit rock bottom,
never cursed the sky ♪
♪ You would've never known
to ask the good Lord why ♪
♪ Or ever changed your life ♪
♪ If you never had hard days ♪
♪ If you never had
a heartbreak ♪
♪ Never had more
than you can take... ♪
Hey.
I turned down L. A.
I'm so glad.
♪ Would you live
with a purpose? ♪
♪ Or ever known
your own strength ♪
♪ If you never had hard days? ♪
♪ If you never had
a heartbreak ♪
♪ Never had... ♪
SKYLER:
Luke Roman.
This is a surprise.
And not just because it's
2:00 a. m. in Austin.
Well, you remember that offer
you made me last year,
and I said it wasn't
the right time?
How could I forget?
I'm not accustomed to rejection.
Well, things are changing
around here,
and, uh, I think you and me
should talk.
Tell you what.
You talk and, um,
I'll listen.
RECEPTIONIST:
Detective James is here for you.
Send her in.
I hear you make
a mean margarita.
I do my best, sir.
-What you got for me?
-DNA samples of all
the Roman siblings.
One of these should be a match
for the blood in the car.
That is outstanding work,
Officer.
What do I do next?
Continue to keep your eyes
and your ears open.
But I got to tell you,
from what I'm seeing,
we've got everything we need.